Home... to me, it is my nest, my cave, my comfort zone for heart and soul, my safe haven. Home is also the place where I design my environment to reflect my personality, turning my surroundings into an extension of myself and making them part of me visually as well as ideologically. Home is where I come back to after an outing, and it awaits me with my worn slippers, my comfy recliner and my happy pets. Home is where I know every nook and cranny, every creak and groan, every smell and every patch of light and shadow. My home is my castle... I have the right to make it almost inaccessible to unwelcome intruders and welcoming to those I love and respect. It is my retreat from the world, the showcase for my treasures, and the stronghold of my values. Home... it is my second skin, my soil in which I am rooted, the roof over my head and the blanket for my soul. Sometimes I wonder how a professionally decorated house or apartment can be a real home to the people who live in it. To me, it seems as if that was the same as wearing a stranger's clothes or somebody else's prescription glasses. Sure, it may serve the basic purpose and it may look better than if you used your own things and ideas, but it's just not you. Isn't hiring somebody to create your living space, your home, a lot like having the secretary choose your friend's birthday present flowers and put a birthday card in front of you to sign while making your dinner reservations? The birthday is remembered and observed, the employee quite possibly has impeccable taste and chooses well, yet the whole setup misses the original idea by miles. What about adding one's own personal touches to a professionally created environment then? Would this fix the problem? It might – but usually, such a professionally designed environment is finely balanced, and changes or additions as small as a misfit picture frame in the wrong place or a chair pulled closer to the coffee table for comfort mar the professional's composition and, in a way, defeat the purpose behind hiring a decorator in the first place. I personally believe that a home should grow over time and be cultivated by those who live in it, rather than be served like a classy but prefabricated dinner by a stranger. Strangers just never put the right amount of salt in it, if you ask me. Have you ever watched a dog turn 'round and 'round before finally lying down for a cozy nap? Some animals in the wild do the same thing, and I think the purpose of this is to create a sort of molded dip in the ground cover for added comfort. As for me, I like my slippers molded to my feet, my chair molded to my body and, generally, my home molded to my mind and soul. These things do add a lot of comfort to the dog bed part of life. Comfort is not the only reason for having things "just so", though. If you have a runaway brain cell (singular) like I do, you probably live pretty much on instinct at least some of the time. Living on instinct means, in part, that you don't notice much of what you're used to, but anything out of the ordinary makes you perk up your ears and squirt some adrenaline through your system just in case it's needed. For me, any unfamiliar noise, smell or sight does it, and I get flighty without meaning to. At the same time, being in my familiar, second-skin surroundings at home gives me peace of mind and a feeling of security which is as intense as that nervousness is. I suppose you could say that there is a lot of mental and emotional security in old slippers and the faint buzzing of your refrigerator. Security. Have you ever noticed that your home is the only place in the world where your level of security is entirely up to you? You have choices ranging from unlocked doors to barred windows, both in the physical and the figurative sense. You have the option to keep out the unwelcome by way of locks, caller ID and the "off" button on the TV. Although there are exceptions such as determined criminals or junk e-mail over which we can't always have control, the home is where we make the rules, where we decide what or who may be part of our personal lives. Whether we entertain friends, have a family get-together, take in stray animals or people, or post "No Trespassing" signs around our property and refuse the traveling salesman or missionary, it's our choice.

A Treasure House of Literature

Libraries play an important role in the cultural development of a country. People have a desire to learn, they seek knowledge. Books satisfy this desire.

We can find all kinds of books in libraries: novels, biographies, fiction, short stories, books on traveling, technical books, books for children, magazines and so on. In some libraries we can find books in many foreign languages.

When readers come to a library for the first time they fill in their library card and the librarian helps them to choose something to read. The readers are allowed to borrow books for a certain number of days. The catalogues help readers to find the books they need. Reading rooms are open to everybody who wishes to work there. Besides books we can get periodicals, newspaper files and magazines to read there. Readers come to reading- rooms to study and prepare material for reports or for scientific work. Sometimes libraries are called the treasure house of information because books enrich our experience with that of the other people.

I enjoy books of different genres: adventure and detective stories, science fiction and fantasies. I would like to tell you about my favorite book – Harry Potter.

It is one of the most amusing book I've read during the last few years. I am sure that everybody agrees with me that this is the most enjoyable, entertaining and fascinating book which is read with great interest by children and adults as well.

I think this novel is very popular among children because it consists of several parts. In each part HP, the main character of the novel, becomes older and older and the young reader grows up with him while reading the book chapter by chapter. In fact HP is a boy of our age.

This is the story of ordinary children having extraordinary adventures.

The life of the author has much in common with the life of her hero – It was not always easy. J.Rowling was born on the 31 of July 1965 in a small town near Bristol, England. This is the same date of birth as HP has.

After divorce she lived on a public assistance in a tiny Edinburgh flat with her infant daughter. Then she wrote her first book named "HP and the Philosopher's stone" and it was HP that rescued her from poverty. The first book was a hit for both - children and adult readers.

The Scottish Art Council gave her a grant to finish the book. HP won the British Book Awards Children's Book of the Year and many other prizes on both sides of the Atlantic. Book rights were sold to England, France, Italy, Germany, Greece, Holland, Finland, Denmark, Spain, Sweden, Russia and many other countries of Europe.

J.Rowling is the novelist whose science fiction fantasy HP series originally intended for young readers has crossed generational boundaries and has many adult fans.

A (Very) Brief History of the English Language

Content:
Indo-European and Germanic Influences
Old English (500-1100 AD)
The Norman Conquest and Middle English (1100-1500)
Early-Modern English (1500-1800)
Late-Modern English (1800-Present)
American English

Indo-European and Germanic Influences

English is a member of the Indo-European family of languages. This broad family includes most of the European languages spoken today. The Indo-European family includes several major branches:

Latin and the modern Romance languages;
The Germanic languages;
The Indo-Iranian languages, including Hindi and Sanskrit;
The Slavic languages;
The Baltic languages of Latvian and Lithuanian (but not Estonian);
The Celtic languages; and
Greek.

The influence of the original Indo-European language, designated proto-Indo-European, can be seen today, even though no written record of it exists. The word for father, for example, is vater in German, pater in Latin, and pitr in Sanskrit. These words are all cognates, similar words in different languages that share the same root.

Of these branches of the Indo-European family, two are, for our purposes of studying the development of English, of paramount importance, the Germanic and the Romance (called that because the Romance languages derive from Latin, the language of ancient Rome, not because of any bodice-ripping literary genre). English is in the Germanic group of languages. This group began as a common language in the Elbe river region about 3,000 years ago. Around the second century BC, this Common Germanic language split into three distinct sub-groups:

East Germanic was spoken by peoples who migrated back to southeastern Europe. No East Germanic language is spoken today, and the only written East Germanic language that survives is Gothic. North Germanic evolved into the modern Scandinavian languages of Swedish, Danish, Norwegian, and Icelandic (but not Finnish, which is related to Estonian and is not an Indo-European language). West Germanic is the ancestor of modern German, Dutch, Flemish, Frisian, and English.