Christmas Day is one of the most favorite American holidays It is celebrated on December 25. Christmas is a Christian holiday marking the birth of the Christ Child. Decorating houses and yards with lights, putting up Christmas trees, giving gifts, and sending greeting cards have become traditions even for many non-Christian Americans "here also a tradition to place a decorated Christmas tree in the White House, the official home in Washington D.C. of the President of the USA.

The tradition of placing a decorated tree in the White House began in 1889 on Christmas morning during the Presidency of Benjamin Harrison. The President’s grandchildren young Benjamin and Mary McKee, led the Harrison household into the second floor Oval Room to take a look at the first White House Christmas tree. It was lit with candles. Filled stockings hung from the mantel. Presents, candy and nuts were distributed to family and staff. President Harrison gave turkeys and gloves to his employees. He received a silver-dollar-shaped picture holder from his daughter, Mame Harrison McKee.

What began as a family gathering has become a national tradition. Over the years, the White House Christmas tree has reflected both the times and the tastes of the First Family. First Lady Frances Cleveland created a "technology savvy" tree in 1895 when she hung electric lights on the White House tree. First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy began the tradition of Christmas Tree themes when she decorated the 1961 Christmas tree in toy trimmings from the Nutcracker Suite ballet by Tchaikovsky.

Today, the First Lady selects a theme and taps the talents of American artisans, who give life to the idea. Laura Bush chose "Home for the Holidays" for the 2001 theme, which features replicas of the family homes of the nation’s Presidents. The Presidents Christmas tree can be viewed by anyone either in the news programs, or on the official web site of the White House.
Hello! I am Jane. I am 21. I am a student. I consider it to be a special time in my life. Student life is always full of fun, new impressions and knowledge. I like being a student. Each day I learn something new and communicate with my friends. We meet almost every day. Sometimes we stay at the university after classes to prepare our homework for the next day or just to talk about our student life.

I like spending time with my friends. We often visit each other. I can talk with them for hours. They can help me and support me in any situation. I can say the same about my parents, with whom I live. My mother is a very wise woman. She understands me. We are not only close relatives, but also close friends. We have the same favourite colours — green and blue. These are the colours of nature and the sky. Our family hobby is travelling. We like seeing new places, meeting new people, exchanging our impressions. We often travel in summer and in winter. I adore Turkey, Egypt, and France. These countries have their own traditions, unique nature and culture.

My other hobbies are music and theatre. I often visit the theatre. I sympathize with the characters on the stage. I try to understand them and, finally, I find it easier to solve my own problems watching the play. I understand my family and friends better. I am grateful to them for being so close to me, for their understand­ing and support.
